They wanted to lord this Christmas.
they have arranged a tree within our heart
and in it hanged instead of present the names of all our hearers
the listeners from near by
The old and the most recent
those we see each day and those we rarely encounter
the always remembered
and those who are sometimes forgotten
the constants that the intermittent ones
finally
the names of all listeners
here they have passed through our history
we want to mount with a tree with very deep roots
so that their names
never be collected from our hearts again
we dedicate very extensive so that new names
from all over
joins existing ones
of very nice shadows
so that our friendship is the bad moment of rest in the zone
you warned
already raul
besides that one is alive within us
on each day of the year that begins
so that we can always live the love of the laity the fraternity
with the list
Unfortunate 2009 is the messages of the direction and employees of the radio
imperial IMF to all our advertisers and collaborators